Pay homage to the king
Lord Fan, don't be deceived by this ghost
Let him take off your veil
him
Just a soft-food dog I abandoned
Will the fortune teller lie to his celestial teacher
Don't be deceived by him
presumptuous
I watched Xiao Tianshi come out of the soil with my own eyes
There can be fake
Mr. Shao
Sister Fan three hours ago
I buried him in the ground with my own hands
It is a capital offense for this liar to dare to pretend to be the Dragon King
You have to defend it in front of the powerful
Do you want to take the profession of your Fan family to be buried with him?
Mrs. Zhao, you are really blind
Xiao Tianshi is the Dragon King
You angered Xiao Tianshi over and over again
I'm afraid it's your Zhao family that won't protect this chicken leaf
If you dare to disrespect Master Xiao again
Be careful I cut your tongue
Fan Ruoli
How dare you talk to me like that
Your Valkyrie bloodline is okay to scare people
Not enough in front of me, Mrs. Zhao
My Zhao family is the first family in Great Xia
Even the head of the country has to respect my grandfather three points
A little criminal
I can put it out by pinching my hands
Before today, I was indeed afraid of your Zhao family
But now I'm the Dragon King's woman
Your Zhao family is notorious for being a bully
I offended the Dragon King again today.
Your death is not far away
Little angel, what should we do with these people?
Please also order
Mrs. Zhao, you are dead now